notes.md, before:

# Version 3.0.0


Turn on/off with my phone.
For this, we need Lambda functions to toggle the enabled rule.
We need API Gateway to hit the toggle functions.



## Enable
curl -i -X PUT 'https://cmsvl04jha.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/prod/VirtualDrillSergeant/enable'

## Disable
curl -i -X PUT 'https://cmsvl04jha.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/prod/VirtualDrillSergeant/disable'


# Version 2.0.0

The Python code has been added to a Lambda function.  This function can be
triggered by a Cloud Watch event on a schedule (once an hour).  This means we
can turn it on/off and not worry about keeping my computer on.

```sh
# enable
aws events enable-rule --name CW_rule_cron_job
# disable
aws events enable-rule --name CW_rule_cron_job
```


# Version 1.2.0

## Added

* Variety to commands
* Better setup tools for Python


![1.2.0.png](./1.2.0.png)

# Version 1.1.0

## Added

* Send messages via SMS.


Create a cron job to send the message every hour.

```sh
crontab -e
# Send message at the top of every hour
0 * * * * /usr/local/bin/python3 ~/Desktop/drillseargeant/src/send_message/send_message.py
 ```

## Desired Features

* Variety in commands to make it more interesting.
* Record of commands executed

# Version 1.0.0

Add reminders to the calendar.  That's not so bad really.

![1.0.0.png](./1.0.0.png)

Desired Feature: Send reminder as SMS instead of having it on the calendar.

Commit message:

Pull from DB with Python

notes.md, after:

# Next


I want to be able to share this.  That means we need to support adding/removing
data.  That means we need to save data somewhere and read it dynamically.  We'll
also need to this for other dynamic stuff.  Let's break into this slowly by
pulling something in like phone number.

I've got my connection stuff saved in .env.

I've created a Postgres instance with a test db and table for me to pull data
from.


# Version 3.0.0


Turn on/off with my phone.
For this, we need Lambda functions to toggle the enabled rule.
We need API Gateway to hit the toggle functions.



## Enable
curl -i -X PUT 'https://cmsvl04jha.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/prod/VirtualDrillSergeant/enable'

## Disable
curl -i -X PUT 'https://cmsvl04jha.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/prod/VirtualDrillSergeant/disable'


# Version 2.0.0

The Python code has been added to a Lambda function.  This function can be
triggered by a Cloud Watch event on a schedule (once an hour).  This means we
can turn it on/off and not worry about keeping my computer on.

```sh
# enable
aws events enable-rule --name CW_rule_cron_job
# disable
aws events enable-rule --name CW_rule_cron_job
```


# Version 1.2.0

## Added

* Variety to commands
* Better setup tools for Python


![1.2.0.png](./1.2.0.png)

# Version 1.1.0

## Added

* Send messages via SMS.


Create a cron job to send the message every hour.

```sh
crontab -e
# Send message at the top of every hour
0 * * * * /usr/local/bin/python3 ~/Desktop/drillseargeant/src/send_message/send_message.py
 ```

## Desired Features

* Variety in commands to make it more interesting.
* Record of commands executed

# Version 1.0.0

Add reminders to the calendar.  That's not so bad really.

![1.0.0.png](./1.0.0.png)

Desired Feature: Send reminder as SMS instead of having it on the calendar.
