README.md, before:

# Virtual Drill Sergeant

Wouldn't it be cool if a DS could text you throughout the day to help you stay
in shape?


## User Manual

There is a bank of commands that will be issued at random.  Commands may be
disabled/enabled through the web interface.

To see the list of commands, visit https://cmsvl04jha.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/prod/VirtualDrillSergeant/commands.


## Wishlist

* See a list of rules to see which are enabled.

* Control over which commands are issued
  select screen to decide on exercises I'd like to see that I can change at any
  time

* More flexibility over scheduling (ex: every 30 minutes after 6 pm)

* Hierarchy or categorization of commands
  exercise type and severity

* Use shortened urls in text messages.
* Make it easier to mark a command as completed.
  text back a word to mark complete
* segment log by days
* share db across lambda functions to run locally
* Use CloudFormation to create a stack for this.  This will help me learn AWS
    and possibly allow for whitelabeling this idea.

Commit message:

Add lambda that can read disabled from body

README.md, after:

# Virtual Drill Sergeant

Wouldn't it be cool if a DS could text you throughout the day to help you stay
in shape?


## User Manual

There is a bank of commands that will be issued at random.  Commands may be
disabled/enabled through the web interface.

To see the list of commands, click the "list commands" button on the web interface.


## Problems

1. The web interface sucks.  It's difficult to use and ugly.

2. I have to wait for a command to be issued before I can disable it.  If there
   are 10,000 commands and I only want one, that sucks.  If they start disabled,
   I have no way to enable them.


## Wishlist

* Control over which commands are issued
  select screen to decide on exercises I'd like to see that I can change at any
  time


* More flexibility over scheduling (ex: every 30 minutes after 6 pm)

* Hierarchy or categorization of commands
  exercise type and severity

* Use shortened urls in text messages.
* Make it easier to mark a command as completed.
  text back a word to mark complete
* segment log by days
* share db across lambda functions to run locally
* Use CloudFormation to create a stack for this.  This will help me learn AWS
    and possibly allow for whitelabeling this idea.
